#1293 Create an AKS cluster page may need a refresh. Part 1: Commands and section headings (#1304)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/set-up-clusters-from-hosted-kubernetes-providers/aks.md

Before creating the service principal, you need to obtain the following information from the [Microsoft Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com):

- Subscription ID
- Client ID (also known as app ID) 
- Client secret

The below sections describe how to set up these prerequisites using either the Azure command line tool or the Azure portal.

### Setting Up the Service Principal with the Azure Command Line Tool

You must assign roles to the service principal so that it has communication privileges with the AKS API. It also needs access to create and list virtual networks. 

> The following command creates the service principal and gives it the Contributor role. The Contributor role can manage anything on AKS but cannot give access to others. Note that you must provide `scopes` a full path to at least one Azure resource: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates the service principal, using the Contributor role as an example. The Contributor role can manage anything on AKS but cannot give access to others. Note that you must provide `scopes` a full path to at least one Azure resource: 
```

We need to keep the "example" call-out and not change it so that we're explicitly instructing users to use the Contributor role. That role works, but is (too) broad.

```

> az ad sp create-for-rbac --role Contributor --scopes /subscriptions/<subscription-id>/resourceGroups/<group>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
az ad sp create-for-rbac --role Contributor --scopes /subscriptions/<subscription-id>/resourceGroups/<resource-group>
```

Lines 36, 54, and 123 use `<group>`, `<azure-resource-group-name>`, and `<resource-group-name>` as placeholders for resource group. These should match since.

```
az role assignment create \
--assignee <client-id> \

> --scope "/subscriptions/<subscription-id>/resourceGroups/<resource-group-name>" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--scope "/subscriptions/<subscription-id>/resourceGroups/<resource-group>" \
```

Lines 36, 54, and 123 use `<group>`, `<azure-resource-group-name>`, and `<resource-group-name>` as placeholders for resource group. These should match since.
